reference: add global variable latency resulted by gvc (#1797)
pingcap/docs: dev/reference/configuration/tidb-server/mysql-variables.md

SET @@global.autocommit = 1;
```

> **Note:**
>

> > In distributed TiDB, the setting of `GLOBAL` is persisted to the storage layer. A single TiDB instance actively gets the `GLOBAL` information and forms `gvc` (global variables cache) every 2 seconds. The cache information remains valid within 2 seconds. When you set the `GLOBAL` variable, to ensure the effectiveness of new sessions, make sure that the time between two operations exceeds 2 seconds. For more details, see [Issue #14531](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/14531).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In a distributed TiDB database, a variable's `GLOBAL` setting is persisted to the storage layer. A single TiDB instance proactively gets the `GLOBAL` information and forms `gvc` (global variables cache) every 2 seconds. The cache information remains valid within 2 seconds. When you set the `GLOBAL` variable, to ensure the effectiveness of new sessions, make sure that the interval between two operations is larger than 2 seconds. For details, see [Issue #14531](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/14531).
```

> > In distributed TiDB, the setting of `GLOBAL` is persisted to the storage layer. A single TiDB instance actively gets the `GLOBAL` information and forms `gvc` (global variables cache) every 2 seconds. The cache information remains valid within 2 seconds. When you set the `GLOBAL` variable, to ensure the effectiveness of new sessions, keep in mind that the time between two operations exceeds 2 seconds. For more details, see [Issue #14531](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/14531).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> In distributed TiDB, the setting of `GLOBAL` is persisted to the storage layer. A single TiDB instance actively gets the `GLOBAL` information and forms `gvc` (global variables cache) every 2 seconds. The cache information remains valid within 2 seconds. When you set the `GLOBAL` variable, to ensure the effectiveness of new sessions, make sure that the time between two operations exceeds 2 seconds. For more details, see [Issue #14531](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/14531).
```
